yes you're reading the title correctly
in this video we do go to GT Dave's
house which is just absurd but it was it
was great watch the video it's it's a
fun one but before we do that I just
want to give a quick shout out to
seeking for sponsoring today's video you
already know you can use my code code
Eco to get $20 off your first SeatGeek
purchase however today's sponsorship is
not your average sponsorship okay
today's is a very special one because
today I'm announcing to you that Noel
and I are teaming up with Sikhi to do 80
mg merch giveaway at the unruly citizens
festival in Dallas next month festival
is going to be a great time
it's headlined by future and juice world
two fantastic artists and most
importantly we're gonna be there so if
you use the code merch on SeatGeek you
can get $10 off your tickets and free
TMG merch courtesy of SeatGeek
and that code works even if you've used
seek to purchase tickets before just hit
the link in the description and we'll
see you guys there it's gonna be fun
now let's get into the video piece
alright so I don't know if any of you
saw the last video we did on the father
of Kombucha GT days his name's GT Dave I
believe that kombucha would not be where
it is if it wasn't for those humble
beginnings that I experienced in the 90s
what the student actually invented
kombucha well he saw it yeah he saw it
and he hit us up and he said this is
really funny like I always you know I
enjoy a good roast or something like
that and he invited us to the kombucha
layer that's where we're headed right
now we're in the hills of [__]
bel-air and
we already we we survived Tai Lopez
what's your what's your number-one
favorite piece of knowledge we didn't
get killed with a book there so maybe
we'll die via kombucha today houses up
here stupid they're like they're like
Vegas day clubs as house tigers
definitely it's just as expensive and as
nice as you think it would be how much
you want to bet we go up to that to like
buzz us in it's just gonna hit us both
with a poison dart slow-motion we wake
up in a giant vat of kombucha yeah it's
slowly getting hotter and hotter yeah
[Music]
what do we do just go up and touch the
thing yeah oh yeah this is how you open
it yeah all right put your eye right up
to that hey this is Cody and Noelle
we're here for GT we're opening
[Music]
it also looks like like a place where
they do like Porsche photo shoots yeah
that is the last man he had sex with and
he encased him in Chrome
[Music]
hey let me out hey help me I'm stuck in
here yeah really
I really chocolate for my jokes in a
place like this of course I'm gonna say
them you can don't you stop this perfect
reset dude okay for this yes push Oh
yes
okay
[Music]
[Applause]
you think we're the dumbest people that
would be in this yes in terms of IQ
rankings we're the bottom we share the
bottom place this is called squiggle
lines on campus
you must be a slider right
thank ya okay I mean like
[Music]
nice now we're definitely gonna get yes
this was me just now cuz I thought
there's gonna be a little resistance to
this thing you know the early [__] bro
this is this crazy this is the claim of
alt America good you got it yep
today okay thanks
good motivational speech let's do it
a OGT oh man nice owl how much that
thing cost you beautiful eyes
so you brought it out just for us
[Music]
yeah Wow
yeah crazy I think you guys sell
kombucha [__] jokes - I would call back
to the Jay Paul video
[Laughter]
[Music]
alright so in this fridge in other place
you get second butcher but this is the
one you love so you must have flex apply
or something in there eh yeah not really
oh dude come on just sriracha in here
this one's options we have celery I have
one rule which is I only consume
products they have my name on oh right
now this is as far as so he wanted you
gotta make yeah I gotta be honest your
brain a convoluted matter there yeah a
lot of people send in pictures of your
drink looking like they if they'd never
notice your name I've never noticed
right I never noticed it yeah we got a
ton of pictures of people being like
holy [__] I've been drinking this guy's
yeah so GT is actually a person and
Davies realizing yeah really yeah it was
difficult growing up because you know
there's ete there's GTE there was all
these different acronyms but none of
them were like rolled off the tongue and
none of them were actually acronyms for
people so that for the longest time I
hated my I try to change it but you know
stuck I couldn't respond to any of the
name other than GTA 5 mr. Grayson Oh
what did you find the video
like someone send it to your team and
then they send it to you so I found
about it three ways
I ate so but it was all within like
minutes of each other
that's true so the first time that I
actually saw that there was a YouTube
video I made by you guys is somebody on
instagram sent me a message like hey so
no random person yeah so I'm actually
all places I'm at the dentist okay
and then sitting in the dentist's chair
here you can't really look at your phone
yeah so they're doing like dental work
and then in between whatever they were
doing I look at my phone I was like the
video put it down hey please don't
comment on it made a comment and then
everybody kind of jumped in and it was
yeah yeah and the next thing you know
the craziest part is it once people saw
that I thought it was funny I got this
like stream of three jobs directly mr.
Brantley you know I love you I didn't
know what computer was right look let me
[__] think this is funny kid need
more of a sense of humor I wasn't even
use and how the video was shot yeah I
guess pictures made it look like the
like you're a super villain this book
well yeah no weeds and all that stuff
yes it was straight-up American Psycho
yeah I mean when they told me they're
like okay
you stand there in peace we tried it
[Music]
show where people go on and try to eat
10 really hot wings all right at the end
of it they get like a certain amount of
time I'd like to speak to the camp plug
all their stuff you should do the same
thing here you tell the people that you
know they because they think like you're
this big corporate monster
I feel you should let them know that
your records - yeah yeah right so for
all of you out there they're a couple of
things I want to set the record straight
so first of all I did not create
kombucha in the video with the questions
they asked me is when did bottle of
kombucha first happen so I was saying
that I was the first of bodily which is
true in 1980 okay that's number one I
don't cut lemons in my kitchen Forbes
yeah most narrative that's right fake
news probably brought the lemon and I
have no resilient reptile in my blood no
not at all okay well maybe like 1% okay
no all right according to 23 okay
[Music]
[Laughter]